Bad Company Roleplaygroup

I am the dungeon master of a newly formed roleplay group. Seen as our groups makes a lot of stories up themselves and do not use content exclusive to Dungeons
and Dragons, the group and I wanted to share parts of our stories with the world. Maybe eventually even follow in the footsteps of great content creators like
Critical Role.

For that end, I pitched the idea of a website for the group. Where all the content we create, we can eventually also share with the world.

UX
As a visitor, I want to read about the world the players are playing on, so I read up on the stories.
As a visitor, I want to read about the characters the players are voicing, so I can get to know the characters better.
As a visitor, I want to contact the content creators, so I can speak with them about certain ideas for the campaigns.
As a visitor, I want to know more about the players, so I can have the feeling I know them better.
As a visitor, I want to know when they play, so I maybe can join one of their campaingns.
As a visitor, I want to be able to be able to see what is available on the website, so I can find the information I want as quick as possible.
As a visitor, I want to be able to use the homebrew content the players use, so I can enhance my own gameplay options.


Features
A gallery of maps used in our campaigns. Which will be shared through the website when made, so people can use the custom maps we make.
A list of content for Dungeons and Dragons which we have thought up ourselves. Which we will share as they are made.
Articles about the worlds we create and the party travels through.
Information about the players and their characters. Eventually also the Livestream information where people can watch and listen to our stories.


Existing Features
Feature 1 - A simple homepage where the visitor can find the most interesting parts at the drop of a hat.
Feature 2 - An article of background information about the world of Nephalyr. To get there, the visitor clicks on Lore -> clicks on Nephalyr.
Feature 3 - An article about the background of the other world called Chavu'Nal. To get there, the visitor clicks on Lore -> clicks on Chavu'Nal.
Feature 4 - For content and features that have not been added yet, a comingsoon page.


Features Left to Implement
A contact page.
A Homebrew page.
A Characters page.
A Information page of the players.
A slider highlighting a few of the articles on the homepage.
Maybe a webshop for merchandise.
A page linking to the livestream.


Testing
In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

Deployment
This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

Credits
Content
Text was all written by me.

Media
The photos used in this site were obtained by stockfotos found through google.com
www.patrean.com/maphammer
Coming soon picture Vectorstock.com/1666502
The maps for Nephalyr and Chavu'Nal were made by me.
Book image: https://www.deviantart.com/firebatata/art/Stock-Render-Old-Book-81772617
Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from Critical Role and my own play group.

The CSS was made with the help of standard Bootstrap4 CSS and Bootstrap Studio.